Optional good chassis- 濁 laboratory accident
Dentist
Oh, I'm sorry for the reason.
Transformed into Tomica Cars drift course today
Let's play with McQueen
A toy that McQueen can transform into a course and run Tomica there and play
is not it
Translation of the course to McQueen
It's a sequel toy
This turns into a course McIn
And this turns into a drift course Mackie this time playing on this drift course
Let's go
Both are almost the same, but the eye position is slightly different
Design of wanted ingredients was here j I will or slightly different Springs
The model of the here is the model of the World Grand Prix-
There is a crusher here.
Personally, I think in Tsu Na or who transformed into a drift course is cool
I oh well I'm almost unchanged
How is the course reply almost same
Take this
Open the side
Here also opens the well-I and national package Iraq only here also cut
Only the plains were in the old course Edited McQueen is all parts here
Edit McQueen is in this time of the drift course was saying it I was not healed
These different parts come with all items not fit
Shazam
Yes If you are transformed into a course, there are signs
Here's how easy it is to set up a jump stand and put a goal flag on the nose
I will also properly mark and install the shooter
This play will it huh
This drift course attaches such an attachment here
Then if you go to this example
Drifting and coming back These lanes go straight and finish
Attach the shooter
th
Thailand and here
It's still Mars
I will pull out here too
Wing will
By attaching this part
Become a start gate
is not it
Attach it to the here and if true the views I put in here, but a little
We do not attach this time on day when it is hard to see from here
This time Mcqueen has been put in the same way as last time
There isn't much that I can get into
Oh I can do about entering the
Something like a paddle image
The course on this side will be my course later here
Let's take a morning
Nice with McQueen
This is the meter
You together Shashi efficacy trial self-love person
Yeah Eeeee
It was great because
The meter did not advance right now
Would you like to try one more time
When the line 12 bestiality habit before administration
Champion
But it Whoa Now meters went well waiting Ting was stopped on the way
It will come open Chin'nu
Eee yeah
It's amazing-it's fun-
In fact the two parties is I wonder if does not work
Let's set it up right now or let it screw screw aunt and child Tei Minister steel
Yes' s
I 'm sorry I put on a good jacket and I'm sorry
ぇ ぇぇ ね
But it is because it has been found this close
It is this different is the hole next to cats at this time
Because I'm male stupid
It's great, I guess it's a bit better to have two cars .
I wonder if the leader does not work
After all this is Kato
I do not feel
Let's make it a light government because manufacturers are heavy
Yes i wonder if it works both
Dont black comb Kenji'
bear
Hmm only
Reimu Mama Pitter is amazing, this is it.
Because it doesn't fit well
Let's also play soldier McQueen on the course
Waiting for the jump stand Prefecture jumps this flag 5
If brought into high rotation huge success escape Oh rodents Ken
knee
Mackie has eaten aa-Mukai love scene
This time in this course
Is this actually set to cross and come to here ?
Come to here and go well
Great success if the flag turns
Fancy
The Shine
Oops of success is wawanpaku
Meter Mon'
Floated a name
Daddy
eh
hey I'm going to jump meter
Before and after ho
I was not innocent I was not incompetent I was not incompetent I was not uninformed
Hm Beta and McKin
I thought it is force is not tan look
It is an individual.
Well then mac 8 j min
Haiku well temple check good
Poop
Beyond the voice to ah ah hand my game
Let's take a powerful jump
Two people who feel cheesy equipment
You hit
Hmmm
Great
Pull
2 Ne was able to stage Well McQueen
I wonder
goo
can
I want it
You should extend the drift course to McQueen and edit it to the course Both McQueen are fine
It's fun is not it
If you want a longer course, this is the case, but if you want to fit in a compact edit to the course
Mackey isn't it
Yes Today I turned into a treat course and I edited McQueen to a course
I tried to fly Burn Pibai